# Finding threat 
I joined this group on Discord around two years ago but stopped using Discord. I found them on TikTok that linked to Discord, they claim that they are day-traders, and if you join you will make profit. It seemed legit on the first look, it had a lot of users, a lot of channels and people actually talking about day-trading.
# Red flags
A few days ago I logged back in, I was just scrolling through the group. I noticed that the gorup was made 2024 (the year I joined), that was a red flag. In the channels I saw a Co-admin spamming screenshots of how MrBeast posted on X that he opened his new betting app, and a promo code that when you apply you get $3500 that you can withdraw instantly. The Co-admin showed all the screenshots for a proof. He was spamming those screenshots in all channels. 
# Actual Threat
On the screenshots it says that this promotion will be eligible for a couple of days only. When I searched for the website and logged in, I instantly got $3500 on my account. Then I went on a withdraw page. Crypto wallet was selected by default. So my conclusion is that their target is for people to send money before the $3500 for "verification", and they keep the money. And in the worst case steal their crypto wallet information. Then I choose withdraw by card, and I think the target is the same.
# Conclusion
This scam targets mainly TikTok audience via Discord, because Discord is a trusted platform. Then they spam the group with screenshots to get people to sign up on the website. Here's the threat pattern. They post all the videos with money and expensive cars so that way they can attract you, then they put a link to their Discord group where they claim you will make a lot of money and then the spamming comes in. That's how the whole scam works.
